It's no use.
They either went really far away
or somehow they escaped inside
of a barrier.
I'm not able to sense
Sakura's chakra at all.
Sarada.
[sighs] She's gone.
Whatever you do, don't
take your eyes off of
her.
Yes, Father.
Hmph!
You'd better behave
yourself.
You're not of Uchiha blood but
we can still use you.
At this point, that's the only
good reason I have for letting
you live.
[groans]
You certainly weren't afraid of
holding back, were you?
It's because you tried
to kill my husband and
my child!
Not to mention my
close lifelong friend!
(Sakura) Listen, that child
needs immediate medical
attention, or he could die.
(Sakura) I can help him. I'm
sure you don't want to lose your
child, do you?
My child?
(Shin) Don't misunderstand.
These children are clones,
created from culturing my teeth
and nerves.
Huh?
Clones? Really? That's
just like him.
[laughing]
Oh yes.
My mentor was...
(Shin) Orochimaru!
[grunts]
Hey! What's happening?!
(Sakura) [gasps] Stop it!
Huh? [sighs]
Orochimaru?
Yeah. Kakashi Sensei
said the same thing.
He told me that he had a
feeling...
that the enemy could be
connected to Orochimaru this
time.
Who is that?
I've heard his name
before.
He's a notorious criminal who
tried to destroy the Hidden Leaf
Village once.
That's right. He's an extremely
dangerous individual.
That guy who called
himself Shin Uchiha.
Huh?
I happened to see that his left
arm was implanted with multiple
Sharingan.
Not just anyone's capable of
that. It had to have been
Orochimaru.
So then, you think that Sarada's
mom was taken to this Orochimaru
guy's place?
(Naruto) No, that's not
possible.
It can't be true because, we've
had Leaf Shinobi keeping strict
surveillance on him.
I don't think he'd be directly
involved in this. It doesn't
make sense.
But in order to track Shin's
whereabouts...
it would be helpful to find out
all that we can from Orochimaru.
Let's head over to
his research lab.
Wait, Dad!
[gulps] Sarada!
What is it?
How can...How can you
be so calm right now?
Aren't you worried at all about
how Mom's doing?
Hey, Sarada, Sasuke
is...
Personal feelings don't matter.
Emotions will only get in the
way of a mission.
You should remember that if you
want to be a shinobi.
[grunting]
Here. It's all I have left but
take these lightly salted chips.
This totally heavy mood really
sucks.
Honestly, the only thing heavy
here should be my weight!
Hang in there, my delicate heart
of glass!
Cho‐Cho..
All right! Let's go.
How about you two come
with us? What do you say?
Huh?
Naruto, come on.
Hmm.
Remember they came
after Sarada as well.
So I think it'll be safer if we
all stay together, you know?
Hmph. Do what you
want then.
Besides, at Orochimaru's place,
we might run into the people
who were in the photo.
Uh.
Hmm.
Okay, it's decided then.
Tomorrow, all of us will
set out at daybreak.
How horrible!
Even if they are clones, didn't
you raise them as if they were
your own sons?
They only exist to provide me
with replacement organs.
There's nothing more
to the relationship than that.
(Shin) There's no need to
mourn.
Living things don't
truly die anyway.
What're you talking
about?
(Shin) Without a doubt, the body
of every living creature
decomposes in time.
But despite that fact...
genes survive forever without
change through reproductive
cells in progeny.
(Shin) That is the system,
which we call life.
What is that we call
death?
It's merely the expiration of
the corporeal vessel that is
completely disposable.
You're wrong!
You're sorely mistaken if you
think that the body only serves
as a disposable vessel!
The body is where one's feelings
and one's will reside!
What exists between a parent
and a child is more than genes.
Much more!
[grunts]
Genes are the all‐powerful
essence of life.
Weak genes will
eventually perish...
and strong genes will always
hybridize to generate even
stronger beings.
That is evolution.
That's nonsense. It's like you
don't understand at all what
should be important as a parent!
(Shin) For evolution, conflict
is essential in the further
selection of superior genes.
Through countless battles, new
ninjutsu and other arts were
developed rapidly...
(Shin)...and strong shinobi
were selected!
It was the organization known as
the Akatsuki who stirred up such
a conflict in the past.
[gasps]
(Shin) For the sake of human
evolution, I will revive the
Akatsuki...
and carry out the wishes of
Itachi Uchiha!
Well, long time no see, huh
Captain Yamato.
Please stop. I don't want to be
called "Captain" by the Hokage.
Sorry, I can't help it. You'll
always be Captain Yamato to me.
He's definitely not my
dad.
(Sarada) It looks like they
might be Orochimaru's
partners.
But I wonder, why is my Dad in
the photo with them?
[yawns]
I guess I really don't know
anything about my Dad's life.
Lord Sixth filled me
in for the most part.
But I'm sorry, this is the
mission I was assigned and I
can't leave my post.
I understand.
Don't worry. Sasuke
will take the lead from here.
Follow me.
This way.
Hey, Sasuke!
It's not like we're going to one
of your favorite restaurants
here.
You might want to be a little
more on your guard, you know?
[grunts]
Damn it! Told you.
Long time no see,
Sasuke.
[gasps]
The guys in the photo!
For your information, this isn't
exactly the kind of place you
bring kids for a field trip.
Hmm? The Hokage?
Good timing. You two
can take us to straight to him
now.
Huh? Hold on. Are you ordering
us around?
I can take you if
you'd like.
Sasuke, I think you should
wait a second, It looks like it
might not be necessary.
[gasps]
Oh my goodness. We have a most
unusual visitor.
Orochimaru.
[gasps] Orochimaru, It's really
him.
Wow, you look a lot
younger than you did
back in the day.
You should know me
better than that by
now.
So why don't you stop beating
around the bush and tell me the
reason you're here.
H‐He's a lot different
from what I imagined.
I know, me too, and if there's
any possibility of this person
being a parent of mine...
would he be my mom or my dad?
Which one would he be, Sarada?
I don't know!
Evidently, one of your
underlings placed my child in
danger and kidnapped my wife.
If you've been up to something
lately, you'd better spit it out
right about now.
Why are you talking to
me like that? I haven't done
anything suspicious.
What's the watcher outside for,
then?
Just tell us everything you know
about the man who calls himself
Shin Uchiha.
[gasps]
Let's go to the other
room. Come with me.
Shin, I haven't heard that name
in a while.
He's gone off on his own
already, but he was one of my
old experimental subjects.
(Orochimaru) Danzo Shimura, the
man you all fought...
his right arm came
from Shin.
That child possessed a peculiar
trait...
where his body wouldn't
reject any kind of tissue
transplant.
He was the optimum
subject for cloning
experiments.
Cloning?
Perhaps I should put it in
simpler terms for you.
He was like a Shadow
Clone that never disappears.
What do you mean,
never disappears?
So what happens when you're all
done with them then?
If you want them gone, the only
option is to kill them.
[grunts] It's not that simple!
Human beings aren't your
playthings!
Actually, humans are much more
simple than you think they are.
Practically every one of
us is enslaved by our genes.
(Orochimaru) For example, take
you, Sasuke.
[gasps]
(Orochimaru) The reason why your
daughter looks like you is
because...
your genes were passed
on to her.
Everything about her is simply
data that was recorded into her
genes.
Genes!
Hey, that's not a very
nice way to put it!
But why does he call
himself an Uchiha?
Oh yes, that's the
name he claimed for
himself.
Granted, he's just a
reproduction, but as someone who
possesses the Sharingan...
he was obsessed with the
Uchiha family name.
(Orochimaru) In particular, he
was enraptured by your late
brother.
Itachi Uchiha, so...
I see.
I understand Shin's
background now.
When are you going to
tell us where he is?
My word, such
one‐sided questioning!
It's surprising to see how
shameless you've become.
Well, anyway...
It would be of great benefit to
me too if the Leaf were to
capture that troublesome Shin.
Besides...
(Orochimaru) I sort of owe you
one, right Naruto?
How is the child
doing? Well, I hope?
Yeah.
The kid seems to be
doing very well.
Really? How wonderful!
(Orochimaru) I'd be happy to
explain more. Come along.
Excuse me, but all of you guys
are my dad's former partners,
isn't that right?
Huh? I guess.
Then...
(Sarada) Can you tell me where
this woman is?
(Suigetsu) Oh, that's Karin.
She's not here. She's at a
different hideout.
Oh I see.
Well, could I ask you to do me
one other favor?
Huh?
Huh?!
No way! I had no idea Sasuke was
that much of a scummy bastard!
Ah, could Karin actually be?
Well right now, it's still only
a possibility until I can prove
it!
But a genetic test would show
it, right? Then it would be
clear whose child I really am.
That's funny. I could've sworn
it was around here somewhere.
[grunts] Found it!
All right then.
We'll compare the genes that we
harvested from you...
with the genes from Karin's
umbilical cord.
Hmm.
Okay, here we go.
It looks like you're a perfect
match. Karin is definitely your
mom.
Your dad and I, our feelings
connect us to each other, so
don't worry.
Well, your glasses are
similar.
Uh, anyway, I'd better go!
[crying]
Uh.
Damn it. I kinda feel like I did
something that I shouldn't have
done.
It's too late now. Ever since
the old day you guys have always
had a way of messing things up!
You are an idiot!
It's all Sasuke's fault! I mean,
didn't you know about this?
Of course I didn't
know about it!
How could Sasuke be
such a bastard?
Well, you can take
it from here.
[grunts] Hey, Suigetsu! Wait!
Um hey there, Sarada.
[crying]
We need to go now and
rescue your mom, alright?
Liar.
Huh?
You lied to me, Lord Seventh!
Why should I have to go and
rescue someone who I just found
out isn't even my real mom?
I'm done with all of you
deceiving me my entire life. Go
to hell!
Huh?
[light breathing]
[inhales]
At this point, I'd rather not
look like that person in any way
shape or form.
So what are you gonna do?
I'm not sure yet but this has
nothing to do with you, Lord
Seventh.
[grunts] What do you want?
You think it has nothing to do
with me, huh?
Well I'm sorry but that's not
how it works.
I've told Boruto the same thing
as well, time and again.
To a Hokage, every person in the
village is family.
Huh?
So what's your point?
That's just a convenient thing
to say to people.
My dad's away from the village
so much, he forgot what his own
daughter's face looked like!
And mom, she's been lying to me
the entire time. How could she?
Plus now, we're not
even blood related.
I guess I finally need to face
the fact that none of this is
what I thought it was.
I don't even have a real
family.
And you're not me, so don't
tell me that you understand.
You can't understand what it
is I'm feeling in my heart! You
and I, we are not family!
[grunts]
[sighs]
So that's it, huh? That's
how you'd describe your bond
with your mother and father?
Uh.
(Naruto) A bond isn't just about
history or blood.
It's something much
stronger!
Tell me, what is it
then? Go ahead!
It's love, Sarada.
(Naruto) That's all you really
need.
Nothing more.
So check again, do you have any
feelings of love for them?
[breathing]
Mommy...
Do you know when
Daddy's coming back
home?
He's out doing very difficult
work, so he's not able to come
home just yet.
Yeah but, how come Daddy doesn't
seem to care about you or me?
What? Don't ever think Daddy
doesn't care.
Then, why doesn't he
ever come home?
Sarada, Daddy loves us and
treasures us both deeply.
That's exactly the reason he
can't come home.
(Sakura) You might not be able
to understand right now.
But I know one day,
you will understand!
[holding back tears]
Mommy, you're squishing me!
Oh! I'm sorry! Sorry. [giggling]
I can't help it you're just
so precious!
[giggles] Have you ever given
Daddy a kiss before?
Huh?
Hmm. [giggles]
Mommy? What's the matter?
Nothing. I was just remembering
something even better.
Ew, that's icky.
No, no, not that!
[laughs] So, then, tell me
what's even better than a kiss,
huh?
[gasps]
I'll tell you about it,
next time we talk.
[laughs] You'll understand when
you see your dad.
[crying] Oh, Mom!
[crying]
I guess, I do wanna
rescue my Mom!
Oh yeah?
[crying] Except, it won't be
like it was before.
What am I supposed to
do?
[gasps]
It doesn't matter whether she's
your real mom, or even, your
fake mom.
As long as, you feel the desire
to save her.
(Naruto) That's all. That's
what's real!
Come on. Let's go rescue
her.
Yeah!
Hey, there you are!
Sarada!
What have you two been
doing? Where've you been?
Hmph!
Sasuke!
Listen, there's something we
need to discuss later.
What is it?
I said later!
Right now, we need
to rescue Sakura!
It's possible that she
might be dead already.
[gasps]
Don't underestimate her.
My wife's not weak.
[sighs]
But, I do want to thank you for
telling me where Shin is. I can
sense him now.
I'll take everyone there right
away.
It seems my Visual Prowess
just came back.
[gasps]
Seriously? Your Visual Prowess
was diminished? Makes sense.
Alright, easy there. Look who's
talking.
Hmph. Everyone, get on.
In order to revive the Akatsuki,
I will kill Sasuke and take
his Sharingan for myself.
He doesn't deserve to
carry on the Uchiha
family name.
The only one who can
do that is me. Shin Uchiha!
Hmph.
Wait for me, Mom. Don't worry,
I'm coming.
(Shin) As I expected, you're
all weak!
Your worthless parental feelings
toward your children have
oppressed you completely.
(Sakura) It's okay Sarada.
Something like this isn't enough
to defeat your dad. Trust us.
Your father and I, we will
protect you no matter what!
(Sarada) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations: "Bonds
Come in All Shapes."
(Sakura) Never underestimate a
parent.